unleashed garlic Yuri I no regard with
over 120 new cards on the way in goblins
vs named things will be changing a lot
in the world of half stone i'm asking
i'm here to take a look at some of the
neutral common cards they're coming out
everything
first up we have the neue tron
personally although this card will have
its uses I think there are better to
manor drops the main use of the annoy
tram will be in control decks as it will
likely take a couple times to clear them
off the board in the early game bind the
user little at a time next up is the
clockwork gnome the gnome is an ok card
in a mech deck he can be useful as he'll
be a solid 10 1 play now we can taking
it extra value from having a meth on the
field he also summons up a spare part
when he dies this is a new mechanic
introducing the expansion and it's a
random spell card to your hand in a
mechtech he'll be useful outside of that
I think there are stronger one mana
cards the coke monster is the kind of
card that will get a benefit from having
a map on the board already and you gains
to attack obviously here we great an
emic deck and terrible in anything else
the ting good sound technician is
another car that summons up a spare
parts this time however it's a battle
cry that also gives him plus 12 health
attack if you have a map on the board
this card is great value if you can get
his battle Christ take effect 3 manner
for a 44 and a spare power card he
avoids things like pre shadow words and
many early game spells making hard to
remove the explosive sheep is going to
be a card we're going to be seen quite a
lot of this 11 deals two damage to all
the other menus on the board when it
dies for classes like the mage in the
Druids this works like a mini Hellfire
when they kill it with a hero power
other than that it's a solid counter too
aggressive decks and as a bonus it's a
mek mek war part now this card is going
to be a must have in most mech decks if
we compare it to other two manicotti
probably most like the river croc lisk
the croc is used in beast decks where
the water is used in mech decks the
bonus the water has is his car tax also
reduces the cost of future max why Liz
on the field monochrome machine this
card is interesting is Sal's out as a 12
but gains one attack at the end of each
turn is include your opponent's this
means if you plan out and he survives
your next said he'll be a 3-2 after that
a 52 and so on now the problem as far as
I'm concerned is that without a health
buff who won't last that long perhaps on
to your next turn but not for long after
that and in that case you might as well
played out a 32 million that's 2 mana if
you can buff as health however and he
lives for a while you can
very powerful piloted shredder this card
costs full manner he has okay attack but
poor health and his death rattle Salma's
up a 2 cos minion if we say most to cos
minions average out around 22 has some
pretty good value next up we have the
spider tank here's an okay stat line
much like the Yeti or the bold of is
ogre this card is just good stats with
no car text the only problem is the
helping Ranger a priest shall Oh web
pain and fall down with spells of which
are a few meaning the Yeti at one more
mana is still likely to better card
outside of mech dates anyway the antique
healbot this through three heals your
hero 48 health as a battle cry
personally hidden hero has little value
out of some specific decks and a 3 3 4 5
mana isn't in the last row on the board
not my favorite card but I'm sure
someone will come with some good play
for it and prove me completely wrong the
last of the card announcer i'm making
this video is the burly rock jaw drop
this form an amine is a 35 begins to
attack whenever your opponent casts a
spell this is one of the most
interesting cards available his stat
lines are okay just one less attack than
your average for mana card but he has
potential to get quite strong if not
dealt with he could also use to frost
spanner in the works against the spell
heavy day well that has all the common
cars currently announced but they're
revealing more all the time and if you
head on over to half stone docking PDA
calm you can see all the latest cards
and all the information about the new
expansion the link is in the description
below alternatively you can check on one
of the links on screen now don't forget
to Like and subscribe and leave us a
comment if you have anything to add but
for now I've been a ski and thank you
for watching